These scripts are used to analyze sequencing data from "Genotype-by-environment interactions shape ubiquitin-proteasome system activity".
Whole-genome sequencing data is available through the NIH Sequence Read Archive under BioProject accession PRJNA1201919.

All fastq files are available under that BioProject, however a few BioSamples/SRA's have a slightly different naming scheme,
but all necessary sample information is included in the fastq file name.
Note: "high" and "low" in the SRA information and sequence file names indicates the TFT ratio. Where a "high TFT ratio" sample
came from a FACS collection of segregants that had a high mCherry/sfGFP ratio, which therefore indicates a relatively low UPS activity.

There are a total of 376 fastq files that were used in the results of this paper (excluding those previously published with Collins et al., 2022 and 2023). 
There were 47 samples (six reporters times 8 environments minus the low nitrogen-4xUb combination that did not work);
times 2 replicates; times 2 for the paired end reads; times 2 for high TFT ratio populations and low TFT ratio populations = 376.

Scripts are numbered in the order they should be used, along with necessary text files, numbered according to which script they are used in.
Begin with gxe_ups_activity/QTL code/Albert Lab QTL scripts/ for the initial processing of sequencing data.

In the first QTL script, "high" refers to "high TFT ratio," which corresponds to a low UPS activity interpretation. 
In all the initial plots generated up to and including the ones with the suffix of "_all_combined.pdf," "high" refers to "high TFT ratio."
When the individual QTL traces are generated (the pdf's will have a suffix of "_AFD_LOD_combined.pdf"), positive peak indicates
that the RM allele at that locus increases UPS activity (more red in the heatmap figure),
whereas a negative peak indicates the BY allele at that locus increases UPS activity (more blue in the heatmap figure).

I am happy to answer any questions about this code and sequencing data. Contact the corresponding authors on the publication and they can provide my most recent email.
-Randi
